Q: If only Alice has some type of secret/private key, can she use it to give Bob her secret message?
A: In case of AES, no. Both parties have to have the same secret key in order to en- and decrypt messages.
   In case of RSA, also no. While Alice can use her private key to encrypt a message, it can be decrypted by ecveryone, including Eve
   since everyone has access to the public key. Therefor the message's content would not be kept secret.

Q: If only Bob has some type of secret/private key, can Alice use it to give Bob her secret message?
A: In case of AES, no. See corresponding explanation above.
   In case of RSA, yes. Since Alice has the public key, she can use it to encrypt the message. It can then only be read by Bob since
   only he has access to the corresponding private key.

Q: If Alice and Bob have a key of the same type, does the situation change?
A: In case of AES, a secure communication channel can now be established.
   In case of RSA, Alice and Bob cannot communicate with each other. Both would be able to encrypt messages, but neither of them
   would be able to decrypt it again.

Q: Additionally, when Mallory, an active attacker that can modify and destroy messages at will, joins, can we still build a secure system?
A: In this scenario we have a man-in-the-middle-problem. The exchange of the symmetric AES-keys via RSA can be compromised, since neither
   Alice nor Bob can be sure to be talking to the other party respectively. Normally Alice woudl generate an RSA key pair. Bob could then
   use the public key to pass Alice the secret AES key he generated previously. After that, Alice would decrypt the AES-key using her private
   RSA-key leading to both parties being in possession of the same symmetric AES-key. This does not work in this scenario: Mallory can intercept
   Alice's public key so that Bob never receives it. She then would send Alice her secret AES-key to establish a connection between her and alice.
   After that she sends Bob the public key of an RSA key pair she generated so that Bob passes her his AES-key, obliviopus to the fact that he is not
   talking to Alice. No Alice and Bob can communicate with each other but only with Mallory as man-in-the-middle who can in turn read all of the messages.
